---
layout: post
category: general
title: i write
slug: iwrite
---

i want to.  

lately it has been tough managing info overload.  
so much info around, getting everything everywhere all at once.  
but the priority at EOD remains to be the amount of info  
that i would meaningfully ingest in me.  
writing, be it even in draft state  
is good enough for me to bit crystallize my thoughts.  
i encourage you to experience it.

i write,  
to improve my own clarity of thoughts.  
this space remains mostly geared towards this.  
nonetheless, things we read here would resonate with most of you as well.  
visit often - share ideas - we might sync great and end up to be good friends!  

i write,  
for me, it feels worth it.  
it slows me down to put all these here,  
but it's an investment in things that matters dear to me.  
putting out ideas on stage fires up those sleepy neurons  
which may remain sleepy if i am the only one who looks at these thoughts.  
  
i wish to be intellectually more active.  
bit tired of slop content in my feeds across and  
been trimming out ruthlessly for a while.  
i want to save my attention currency for  
things that interests me.  
i want to increase my threshold of focus,  
this is my way of attempting to do so.  
  
just start.  
at this point, i dont know if it ends up to be one liner or a mini-essay.   
nonetheless, i'm more inclined to start writing something.  
something i would like to revisit,  
something i wish to keep in my journey,  
something that clears up my cluttery brain perhaps.
  
i got bit of success  
at few of my instagram captions  
mostly rants and bits, but okay enough to engage myself.   
looking back, they did help quite a bit.  
for organising thoughts,  
to think around something,     
albeit random ones.  

> "the only thing we can truly control is where we place our attention and where we place our effort" - andrew huberman

good enough rant i guess.  
see you around.





